{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green23\blue23;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green52\blue186;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c19608\c30196\c78039;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The AP Computer Science Principles Exam assesses student understanding of the computational thinking practices and learning objectives outlined in the course framework. The AP Exam consists of the Create performance task and an end-of-course exam. The end-of-course exam is a fully digital exam in the Bluebook testing app, and it includes multiple-choice questions and two written-response questions that require students to demonstrate their understanding of the Create performance task. All responses in Bluebook will be automatically submitted at the end of the exam.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 The AP Computer Science Principles Exam has two sections: an end-of-course exam and the Create performance task. The end-of-course exam is a fully digital exam in the Bluebook testing app, and it includes multiple-choice questions and two written-response questions that require you to demonstrate your understanding of the Create performance task. The two written-response questions will relate to code contained in a Personalized Project Reference that you\'92ll develop in class as part of your performance task. You\'92ll have access to your Personalized Project Reference while answering these questions on exam day. All responses in Bluebook will be automatically submitted at the end of the exam.\
You\'92ll complete the Create performance task over the course of the year and submit all three performance task components\'97program code, video, and Personalized Project Reference\'97online through the AP Digital Portfolio for scoring. Both measure your proficiency in and grasp of the course content and skills, and both contribute to your final AP score on a scale of 1\'965.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Given the implications of ChatGPT and other similar generative artificial intelligence (AI) tools, changes were made to the Create performance task in 2023-24, that will continue to apply in the 2024-25 academic year. Review the Exam Components section below for details.\cb1 \
\cb3 To learn more about the Create performance task and the exam, you can watch AP Daily videos on the Create performance task in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://myap.collegeboard.org/login"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 AP Classroom.}}\'a0To access these videos, navigate to the\'a0
\f1\b Course Guide
\f0\b0 \'a0section in the left navigation pane of the AP Classroom homepage, select the\'a0
\f1\b Overview
\f0\b0 \'a0page, and then click on the\'a0
\f1\b Student Resources
\f0\b0 \'a0header to expand the list of available resources. The Create performance task videos include:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Performance Task: Overview\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Performance Task: Guidelines\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Performance Task: Pacing Your Project\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create Performance Task: Categories and Questions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Exam Duration
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3hrs\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Exam Format\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15750 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 The AP Computer Science Principles end-of-course exam has consistent question types and weighting every year, so you and your students know what to expect on exam day.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Section I: End-of-Course Multiple-Choice Exam
\f0\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 70 multiple-choice questions | 120 minutes | 70% of score | 4 answer options\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
57 single-select multiple-choice\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5 single-select with reading passage about a computing innovation\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
8 multiple-select multiple-choice: select 2 answers\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Section II: Create Performance Task and Written Response
\f0\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 30% of score\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create performance task program code, video, and Personalized Project Reference | 9 hours in-class\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2 written response questions | 60-minute end-of-course exam\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The second section of the AP Computer Science Principles Exam consists of a through-course Create performance task where students will develop a computer program of their choice and an end-of-course written response section where students demonstrate their understanding of their personal Create performance task by answering two questions. Students will be provided 9 hours of in-class time to complete their program, record a video of their program running, and develop a Personalized Project Reference.\cb1 \
\cb3 On the end-of-course exam, students will respond to two questions related to the code in their Personalized Project Reference. The two questions include four distinct prompts: Written Response 1, Written Response 2(a), Written Response 2(b), and Written Response 2(c). Students will have access to their Personalized Project Reference while responding to these prompts. The four categories listed below align to the four prompts.\cb1 \
\cb3 \
\
}