The AP Computer Science Principles Exam assesses student understanding of the computational thinking practices and learning objectives outlined in the course framework. The AP Exam consists of the Create performance task and an end-of-course exam. The end-of-course exam is a fully digital exam in the Bluebook testing app, and it includes multiple-choice questions and two written-response questions that require students to demonstrate their understanding of the Create performance task. All responses in Bluebook will be automatically submitted at the end of the exam. 

The AP Computer Science Principles Exam has two sections: an end-of-course exam and the Create performance task. The end-of-course exam is a fully digital exam in the Bluebook testing app, and it includes multiple-choice questions and two written-response questions that require you to demonstrate your understanding of the Create performance task. The two written-response questions will relate to code contained in a Personalized Project Reference that you’ll develop in class as part of your performance task. You’ll have access to your Personalized Project Reference while answering these questions on exam day. All responses in Bluebook will be automatically submitted at the end of the exam.
You’ll complete the Create performance task over the course of the year and submit all three performance task components—program code, video, and Personalized Project Reference—online through the AP Digital Portfolio for scoring. Both measure your proficiency in and grasp of the course content and skills, and both contribute to your final AP score on a scale of 1–5.

Given the implications of ChatGPT and other similar generative artificial intelligence (AI) tools, changes were made to the Create performance task in 2023-24, that will continue to apply in the 2024-25 academic year. Review the Exam Components section below for details.
To learn more about the Create performance task and the exam, you can watch AP Daily videos on the Create performance task in AP Classroom. To access these videos, navigate to the Course Guide section in the left navigation pane of the AP Classroom homepage, select the Overview page, and then click on the Student Resources header to expand the list of available resources. The Create performance task videos include:
	•	Create Performance Task: Overview
	•	Create Performance Task: Guidelines
	•	Create Performance Task: Pacing Your Project
	•	Create Performance Task: Categories and Questions
Exam Duration
3hrs

Exam Format
The AP Computer Science Principles end-of-course exam has consistent question types and weighting every year, so you and your students know what to expect on exam day.
Section I: End-of-Course Multiple-Choice Exam 70 multiple-choice questions | 120 minutes | 70% of score | 4 answer options
	•	57 single-select multiple-choice
	•	5 single-select with reading passage about a computing innovation
	•	8 multiple-select multiple-choice: select 2 answers
Section II: Create Performance Task and Written Response 30% of score
	•	Create performance task program code, video, and Personalized Project Reference | 9 hours in-class
	•	2 written response questions | 60-minute end-of-course exam
The second section of the AP Computer Science Principles Exam consists of a through-course Create performance task where students will develop a computer program of their choice and an end-of-course written response section where students demonstrate their understanding of their personal Create performance task by answering two questions. Students will be provided 9 hours of in-class time to complete their program, record a video of their program running, and develop a Personalized Project Reference.
On the end-of-course exam, students will respond to two questions related to the code in their Personalized Project Reference. The two questions include four distinct prompts: Written Response 1, Written Response 2(a), Written Response 2(b), and Written Response 2(c). Students will have access to their Personalized Project Reference while responding to these prompts. The four categories listed below align to the four prompts.


